you may notice on our way on your way
into the theater today there's a lot of
frenzied a lot of excitement outside
kids have been camped out in line for
days because the korean band bt is in
town for the American Music Awards on
Sunday and they're gonna they're gonna
play music on our outdoor stage BTS is
very very popular and we want to have
some fun with that so we went to the
line outside and we found moms who are
waiting in line with their daughters we
told them there are a lot of moms out
there we so we want so I don't know what
we made up we said come inside we want
to know what it's like to be the mother
of a super fan of BTS we're gonna so
anyway that we were gonna send the band
outside to the audience but the police
and the fire department our lawyer said
at least a hundred people would be
killed if we did that so they're very
enthusiastic fans so we brought the moms
inside and introduced them to the boys
in BTS and well if you think you're mad
wait till you find out how mad the
daughters were we're talking to moms
whose kids are super fans can we talk to
you for a second quick we borrow her for
just come minutes we come to this
we're talking to moms of super fans of
the bank we talked to you for a minute
here come with us
I want to talk to you it's your mom it's
your mom's mom
[Applause]
you
well they so there you go
hi so what happened your mom's got to
see BTS and then you guys did it yeah
how are you feeling right now describe
your emotions if you could a little bit
jealous did you ask your mom what
happened yeah yeah and are you smelling
her to see if they rubbed any BTS are
you excited that your mom's met BTS or
would you rather they had never met BTS
at all no I'm really happy for ya did
she tell you all about it yeah and what
was your reaction overall did you like
them yes I'm very excited very nervous
and very lucky to be the one yeah if you
think about it you're almost as lucky as
your daughter is unlucky for not meeting
them well that's very exciting for some
of you out thanks to BTS they will be on
the American Music Awards on Sunday
night and then you could see them on our
show November 29th hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel
if you enjoyed the video hit subscribe
and if you don't click Subscribe this
invisible hamster will die